[Music]
Miare, the YouTuber harassed for leaving
her ex, gives the review, I regret
having kept quiet.  Harassed for leaving her
ex.  She began her career with
her partner, and according to the review, she left him because of
the harassment.  Her ex keeps making
videos about her.  He has based his
personality for the last 10 years on
my existence.  Dude, how are you going to
say this, damn, but the other day I read
the interview, but I didn't read this part.   You
know, I was going to read it live,
but in the end I say, I'm going to read the
same thing again as in every
podcast, in every interview?  But
this is your mash, right?  That is, she has
heard arguments that have been said about
her and she has liked them and has
put them into practice.  I hope you find something that
fulfills you, motivates you, and makes you forget about me.  I
think these were
Dallas's literal words in a video.  Hey,
I hope he finds something that fulfills and
motivates him and he forgets about me.  I think those
were Dallas's literal words in
a video, eh, not because I read the interview,
eh, because someone sent it to me by
email.  I remember F Manuel sent it to me
by email, I was taking a
look at it, but I didn't comment on it at the end of the
live broadcast because we would have other
topics those days and it was kind of the same
as all the podcasts, which is
like, you know?  But no, man, it's not that
this isn't reality, but she wants to
repeat it every year.  I don't know if this is
her doing, her mother's doing, or whoever's doing
, because the strategy is very much her
mother's doing.  She repeats it every year to
see if she tells the story to the new people who
come in and this
time it works.  It didn't fit into the years of
the people who lived through it.  And let's see if it
works now.  The momos are good today
.  Sorry.  If my crime is defending
Frank, let me be locked up with the lady
boys.  But this is the best meme you've ever
made in your [ __ ] life.  Finally,
finally a good meme.  Ha, finally, finally,
finally a god meme.  Let's see, Pablo
Franco, what have you done here?  Evidence
that Pablo Franco is tricking
Dallas into delaying
the dog procedure as long as possible.  Yes,
surely.  If Javi the canine says so,
well, no.
Sid, man, what's the point of these people already
using Javi the Canine as a
normal source?  I mean, but
Antonia, Deluxox, I mean, what is it?
Javel Canino, hey, does anyone have this
in their car, man?  Does anyone have this?
Does this sound familiar?  Do you have this from the same
brand?  Some?  I mean, I mean the
same one, exactly the same one.  Do you have
any?  I've already ordered it out of
desperation because I can't believe that
CarPlay and the iPhone will work properly in my car.  I mean, since one
of the updates, CarPlay has already disappeared from
the car screen and I don't
have the balls to put it back on, and I've
already bought two CarPlay devices and neither
one of them picks up my phone.  Let's see if this one
wants to catch me.  I don't even have a car.
Javi, find a way.  Let's see, studied.
She is sentenced to 3 months in prison
for gross disobedience.  Man, I'm
freaking out that they're denying
that there's a history of this.  Also, I think
the sentence is now final, right?  They have not
passed.  Can someone do the
math for me?  What day did the sentence come out?  I
mean, I was recording Borja
Caponi's thing.  What day did the sentence come out?  Yes,
I was recording Borja Caponi's thing.
Man, it hasn't even been a month.  Do you
connect it by cable or by Bluetooth?
Man, I want it to connect via
Bluetooth, via cable too, but
I had it very well because it connected
automatically when I got in the
car, automatically because
the iPhone would turn on in the car.  The
iPhone was already automatically connected to the
car, but now it's gone, I do
n't know, in an update and now it's not that it's not that it's not that
it doesn't pick up
automatically, it's that it doesn't come out, it's that it doesn't
pick up the phone.  The problem is that
you use Apple.  Yes, I am the
Apple fool, yes.  No, no way, dog.  I've
tried it with cables, with three devices,
and this one came up the other day on Instagram,
and it's expensive, right?
This cost €80, huh.  This [ __ ] [ __ ].
If it doesn't work, if it doesn't work I'm
going to curse his [ __ ] mother,
honestly.  I wish I could try it here,
right?  On the computer, but I
won't be able to test it on the computer.  Nobody
tells me the date of the sentence.  Nobody
tells me the date of the sentence.  I'm
going to try this now when I go down
to take the dog out, whatever.  I'm going to
go to the car, I'm going to go to the garage and I'm
going to test it.  The truth
is, what's going on, Balu?  Well, the
move that if it isn't firm
yet, it will be about to be.  If the
sentence is not final, it is about to
become so.  I mean, I don't know why
they're denying that she has a criminal record,
but she actually said it in a video
she made on Twitter, and there's
a charge that sticks.  She has
a 3-month prison sentence for
disobedience, and she
will have that record for 2 years and 3 months.
But come on, it's as simple as going and
asking for a, what's that
background check called?  a certificate of
criminal record.  No, he won't go to jail if his
sentence is suspended.  And what are
the requirements for a suspended
sentence?  Well, you know more about law
than I do.  My brother in my area is called
Emilio.  That the sentence be less than 2
years, that it be their first offense, and that they
fulfill civil liability.  This is
so that the prison sentence is suspended,
okay?  That is, so you don't go to
jail.  You have to put it in the sun.  This is how it
will work.  Well, at night it's a bad thing,
isn't it?  Hey, a kiss, Dar.  Thanks a lot,
man, for the beer.  Okay, if he doesn't
hand over the dog, the
private prosecution will oppose a suspension of the
sentence.  And I imagine the prosecutor's office too.
Miare's brother, I think it has already been
said somewhere that
Emilio's name is Emilio Aguilar.  If
the sentence is not suspended, he will go to prison to serve his
sentence.  Of course, the thing is I have to
do three appraisals of
Dallas's costs.  an opposition to an execution,
filing a criminal complaint against
Miare, filing a lawsuit against Javi, and
responding to Ricky's claim.  Ricky's question has already been
answered.  Then today was
Monday, today he answered it.  Javi, your
vehicle is a BMW.  Yes, BMWs get
deconfigured with every
iPhone update.  You have to forget
the iPhone inside the iDrive.  The fact that?  I don't know what you're
saying.  Let's see if you can send me an
email, please, so I can read it downstairs in the
car.  And yes, Pablo has already responded to
Ricky's request.  Okay, we
went to court because the
lawsuit didn't arrive here, and we explained
to the court that we knew about the lawsuit
because YouTube emailed it to me
after I read it.  YouTube sent me
a copy because they have to send it to me
.  They have to send me what
he has presented so I can see if it is
true or false.  So, Pablo
searched the courts for Ricky's lawsuit
until he found which
commercial court it was in, and then we
appeared and responded,
okay?  Which isn't happening with the
Pambi lawsuit, okay?  In other words, Pablo
is completely crazy looking for
Pambi's complaint, and he can't find Pambi's complaint
in any court in
Barcelona.  So from here, since they
clip me so much and take so much clip from me,
Delock, Cristo BruW, all of you who
are involved in this matter, that
Pablo is willing, DAS is also
willing and they are like crazy looking for
Pambi's complaint in case you want to
give it to him, well you are saying that it hasn't
reached him and it's not that it hasn't reached him, it's that you do
n't give it to him, it's that it's not in any
court, no they can't find it.  So
give it to them if you are, hopefully
the people I'm
suing, look, this week
another one is coming forward than the one we did
last week and it's to the same
person who doesn't take the first one.  Okay,
I hope, uh, I hope they take it, I hope they
offer to take it, I hope they offer to
take it so easily.  I mean, I'll
even send it to the lawyer who's
like, "Hey, give it to me, I haven't
received it, notify me."  Oh, but
Dallas is dead, that's why Dallas doesn't
take it.  Yes, yes, yes.  That's why
Dallas is sending an email to: How strange is this
justice in Spain, Leonilla.  In Spain, it's
not uncommon; these are things that
lengthen the procedures.  But let's
see, in Ricky's case, he doesn't even put
the updated or complete address, nor does he
put his ID.  How do you want me to
receive the claim?  But aside from that you say,
"Well, the one I have on YouTube,
probably the one on YouTube maybe I
have it like this or whatever, I have no [ __ ]
idea, I haven't checked. Okay, I've
had a channel since 2015, but if you're
friends with my area, I have a
lawsuit with her, no, I have two, this
week I have a lawsuit with my area, uh,
you're friends with a lot of people who
have my information, my phone number, for
example, UTBH has my phone number, like,
1000 people who have my
phone number. Well, I think
Ricky himself has my phone number, I think I
spoke to him, I don't remember if it was on
WhatsApp or Discord. You have 1000
ways, you have 1000 ways to send it to me
. I mean, how do you post
something incomplete so that it doesn't
reach me? Because you want to lose it in
limbo so that YouTube doesn't return the
video to me, but not tell your followers
what I want to know what's
going on in that  trial. I don't care. I
have nothing to hide. I mean, I
want to know what's going on in that
trial.  I want to go to court with Ricky
Edeng Sevilla and see what
the judge's face looks like when we argue, because
there are 58 seconds that can be heard in the background
of a 40-something-43-minute video of mine
.  In a 43-minute video of mine,
a song from the
Ricky Eddie music video uploaded to YouTube can be heard in the background, along with other things.
There will be a day when they will leave you alone
.  If you're talking about the trial, María,
the trial is for the famous story of the
little animals and for it and because Mario
Tiberian in a you know that we did a
guest called, that's uh
a guest, I don't know if you know what a
guest is, but a guest is that I'm on my
channel and they made like a
video call to me from their account, okay?  I
mean, it's broadcast on your account too and it's
live, right?  Marius
Tiberian came up, insulted Maria, I don't know
what he said to her.  They filed this lawsuit against me
in 2023, okay?
I will receive this lawsuit in 2023.  I was in
Portugal, okay?  My lawyer calls me.
You have a demand for my money, a demand for
my money, yes, yes, a demand for my money.
2023, uh, I don't know what date it was, but I know I
was in Portugal, but I went
to Portugal several times in 2023 and I received
a lawsuit with things from 2019. I mean,
I imagine he waited until the statute of limitations for
the things he brought in.  and he
couldn't file absolutely anything from
2019 to 2023. So
when they come out in public and say, "Hey,
what Javi told me is serious," it's like,
"But if you filed a lawsuit in 2023
and you haven't had anything to file from
2019 to 2023, I won't have told you much
, you know?"  So they waited
until the limit in case I said
some insult or some little word that they
could take and put it in, and they
couldn't.  Okay?  So the lawsuit
is mainly
about Mario, who insulted her on a
You know me guest page
.  I don't know if he called her a
[ __ ] or a [ __ ] or something like that.
No, I didn't upload it, in fact what I did
was delete it quickly.  Okay, what's more,
not only did I not upload it to YouTube,
I'm sure you don't even know that
live stream, it's that I didn't upload it.  Maybe he
had 40, 50 people, 100, I don't
know, in You know, one of these Marius's,
that Marius, everyone knows that
Marius is exhausted, right?
Well, they've taken it very
seriously.  He says he's damaged his honor,
but they're suing me, Marius, aren't they?
Okay, and other than that, um other than that,
this video that you're watching here,
okay?  Aside from the live show, this is a
live excerpt, but there's also a
live show here.  I apologized for that in
a video that did have an impact, that
is, no.  But well, that's it, we'll go.
Come on, I'm not going.  I don't have to go.
When I wake up, my lawyer will tell me
how it went and such.  The gorgon will be a
witness, that's for sure.  But come on, it's
laziness, absolute laziness, isn't it?  Um, it
's a crime to defend Fran.  I'm going.  What
I'm going to say is this.  I'm going.  My
crime.  If my crime is defending
Frank, let me be locked up with the Lady
Boys.  If my crime is defending Frank,
let me be locked up with the Lady Boys.
Hey, it's true.  And the demand for
winged Winmichu that they announced there like, what
happened?  What happened to that?  Mario is
misunderstood.  No, he is not
misunderstood.  Everyone knows he
's crazy, but come on,
if you have to sue someone, don't
sue me because they say it was my
channel.  It's like I didn't upload that, I did
n't upload it.  But Marius demands it, doesn't he?  And
how do I do it?  Because when
you, it's true that when
something happens on TV, you often
sue the person who insults you and you
also sue the program or the network, but
no, not Marius, they don't
sue Marius, only me.  And of course, then
I don't see much sense in that.  But
Marius is not being sued.  No, no,
not Marius.  So, we'll see what
happens.  I don't know what might
happen, but obviously it won't
be definitive, whatever it is, because if
I don't like the outcome of this
lawsuit, then it will be appealed again and I'll be
with these people for the rest of my life.  I didn't
hear about that lawsuit, but why
was it?  Yes, Laura, but they were.
I don't even know if I ever made any
videos of this lawsuit.  All the
complaints are against you, Javi.
Of course, because they are looking for money and because they are
looking for me to leave.  What they are looking for is
that everything I have said is a
lie.  That's what they're looking for.  And that's not
it.  I mean, if they sue me, I'll
re-upload the videos with the
cut pieces.  I mean, if I lose
definitively, there's nothing else going to
happen, you understand?  So, they are
insults, insults bother you a lot.
There you have a video of mine.  So,
first of all, there's a video of
me offering to delete everything, I don't know what.
What you want me to do is go out in
public and say, "I was right,
man, you're suing me for
insults."  Well, because of Mario's insults.
Still nothing about the appeal, Mr. Delete.  The
thing is, well, what I said, okay?
Hey, Ricky, I answered you, hey, we have
8,500 lawsuits and this week
I filed a new lawsuit.  Let's see if
a year doesn't go by and he gets it, okay?  She's going to
receive it with the second one, with the first one she's
going to receive it because apparently, eh, it's not
just that she didn't take it, but
apparently
this person, this guy, has moved to the city and, but
come on, they have him located because he's
in another procedure and they're going to receive
both of them together, they're already both together and I have
another one pending because the thing is that these
are every day and we
have Loli in 2026, Karim, in 2026 Loli didn't
take it, she didn't take it, she didn't take it and
when they notified her what she did
was she didn't respond to the lawsuit.  So
they immediately set a preliminary hearing, and I understand that they wo
n't set a
trial date or anything if you don't show up for the preliminary hearing. It's because they're in contempt of court.
Lollibertas is in rebellion and I have
n't done the Rae thing yet, Fabián, but it's
going to be done too. I don't understand
who thinks I'm not going to do it, you
know?  I don't understand why
they think it's going to be
free or whatever.  I'm
chilling, I fully understand that people
have to talk about me and all that nonsense
, but I
'm going to sue for anything that's demandable.  And there are many people
who believe that because I mention them or
criticize them or something like that, they can
charge me with a crime or that I take drugs or
something.  No, it has nothing to do with it.  I
can mention you, but you have to
answer me proportionally, right?
Not freely.  I don't have enough time, damn it.
And do the taxes.  As soon as I can, I'll
file a complaint for false testimony
against Emilio and his brother.  Oh, and a
divorce I have near Barcelona
too.  And what does this have to do with the
wig dog?  What the hell does
this have to do with the
wig dog?  Here's the proof that
Pablo Franco is making Dallas dizzy to
prolong the
dog's procedure as much as possible.  But what does
this have to do with the dog,
Peluca?  If you mention all the
procedures in the world except the
dog's.  So, the only thing it says about the
dog here is that he has a
criminal record, right?  They are special people,
aren't they?  And this is Pablo fighting with
Grock, because Grock insists.  Look, uh,
people start arguing with AI and
AI says no.  She tells her no, that
my AR has no history.  Look,
I understand that you are comparing my
reliability to a horoscope.
Interesting.  Although I'm not perfect.  I'm
concerned that in the case of trials, you won't
have access to the actual rulings and can
only give your opinion based on what one of the
parties says in the press.  The thing is that he only gives
his opinion on what one of the parties says
in the press, because I thought that
what Grock would do would be to base himself on
everything that is public.  But of course, it's
not even, because if it's based on
everything that's public, damn, well, if
one of the parties is giving you the
sentence in video captures, in
tweet captures, people on Twitter
too, but no no no, they don't only trust the
press.  Susy says, "It would be great if
you could show the videos of the
trials. It would be amazing, damn, Susy, from
this trial of mine that they released the clip of mine,
it was like the rest of the trial, it's mind-
blowing. The rest of the trial is mind-
blowing."  Ah, but anyway, I'll
comment on that, I don't know if I'll put up images,
I'll comment on it when I'm done, probably, I don't
know if with images because there were
some things there that But anyway, along the
same lines as the internet, I mean, it's not
anything that's
going to surprise you either.  the same line that
you asked her about, I've already told it
many times, that is, they asked her about
a 20 interview in which she
called herself Casaparne and
she said no, that they interviewed her
like this and that for everything.
[Music]